Hello to all, especially those of you who couldn't make it today, I'm writing, so everyone has a record of what has been agreed upon today.
First of all we have agreed to weekly meetings on the Monday of every week at 9am From the 6th forward, if you are unable to attend please let us all know via email, so we can inform you of what has occurred or attempt to rearrange the meeting. After the meeting, I will distribute an email stating what has been completed and work assignment to each person and what work is outstanding. I will also post the same on the black board group journal section to allow for better archiving of communication for marking reasons. This has been decided due to the majority of us not getting along with Trello last term and it being an easy alternative to that system.
On top of this, please post what work you have done in the group journal section for that week to allow for easy marking and group awareness of what each member is doing.
<br>
Please email Zeeshan at 210052026@aston.ac.uk to be added to the GitHub if you haven't already.
<br>
We have also created a WhatsApp group chat for quick communication if you are going to be late or something of that nature any actual absences or work related notes please note it in blackboard journal as it is a more archivable and readable form than any given chat application or email
Damien will research what is required to connect a Java database handler and a website.
<br>
Jenson will work on the defined alliance document before submitting it for everyone to complete. t will for all intensive purposes be a rewording of this email however it needs submitting in week 6 so I will ensure that it is done.
<br>
Zeeshan will be working on producing a database schema to allow all of us to use correct table and collumn names whenever working on.
<br>
Muniib will look into log in and registration systems by Friday as well and feedback to the group.
<br>
Humera will focus on CSS as well as being a pair of helping hands around the group when required
<br>
Jenson will focus on the main pages HTML as well as being a pair of helping hands around the group when required.
<br>
Haseeb will work on the admin Java application and will feedback by Friday the 3rd of February (next lab session).  
<br>
For those of you who are not present please look through the specification and bring to the meeting on Monday what you would prefer to be involved in, ideally you could work towards the Java application however amendments can be made if that is not your strength 
We have decided the eCommerce site will be based around marketing and selling tickets to music events as this gives us plenty of scope for additional features on the website such as:
<br>
•	 requesting the website to handle sales 
<br>
•	 recommendations 
<br>
•	 distance calculations 
<br>
•	 and many more
<br> 

